adding providing feedback topic (#87908)
openshift/openshift-docs: welcome/providing-feedback-on-red-hat-documentation.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="providing-feedback-on-red-hat-documentation"]
= Providing feedback on {product-title} documentation
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: providing-feedback-on-red-hat-documentation

toc::[]

> To report an error or to improve our documentation, log in to your Red Hat Jira account and submit an issue. If you do not have a Red Hat Jira account, then you will be prompted to create an account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report an error or to improve our documentation, log in to your Red Hat Jira account and submit an issue. If you do not have a Red Hat Jira account, you will be prompted to create an account.
```

.Procedure

. Click one of the following links:
** To create a link:https://issues.redhat.com/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?pid=12332330&summary=Documentation_issue&issuetype=1&components=12367614&priority=10200&versions=12431396[Jira issue] for {product-title}
** To create a link:https://issues.redhat.com/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?pid=12323181&issuetype=1&priority=10200[Jira issue] for {VirtProductName}
. Enter a brief description of the issue in the *Summary*.
. Provide a detailed description of the issue or enhancement in the *Description*. Include a URL to where the issue occurs in the documentation.

> . Clicking *Submit* creates and routes the issue to the appropriate documentation team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Submit* to create the issue and route it to the appropriate documentation team.
```

Reviewer: Changing "clicking" to "click" so the bullets are parallel.
